Use env for cms endpoint (#4630)
cowprotocol/cowswap: README.md

REACT_APP_BFF_BASE_URL=https://bff.cow.fi
```

## CMS API Endpoints (Content Management System)

The CMS API is a helper API that provides some additional content to the frontend.

> It is not consider a required API for CoW Swap core functionality, the
> app will still allow the user to place order and will have some fallback logics
> in case this API is not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not considered a required API for CoW Swap core functionality, the
app will still allow the user to place orders and will have some fallback logic
in case this API is not available.
```
